

# Release.md

We have divided our team into front-end and backend groups, along with two members that work on integrating the two ends. As such we have two main branches, frontend, and backend. Individuals working on a specific feature are expected to push significant changes to a separate feature branch (that branches from either frontend or backend). Merging feature branches to the frontend/backend branch should be done through PRs, with at least one review from another member on the same team. Exceptions to this include trivial changes to the code, which can then be pushed directly to the frontend/backend branch. The frontend and backend branches are to be merged to the dev branch using PRs. Creating the PR will trigger a series of checks (including building the app with recent changes and executing test scripts) which will notify developers of any issues that should be fixed. This PR should always be reviewed by at least one other member of the same frontend/backend team, as well as the CI/CD lead (there is an issue that pertains to the app build) and the members involved in integration. During major milestones, code in the dev branch will be merged to the master via a PR that does not necessarily require review, but we expect that the whole team is notified before merging. 

We developed this system halfway through working on Phase 1 implementation. We learned, through our mistakes, the importance of having PR reviews. We encountered a situation where one member’s commits were (mysteriously) overridden after a pull request. We investigated, and we suspect that it was caused by an accidental merging of branches in the wrong direction. Luckily, we were able to recover from this as the code was still available locally. As a team, we agree that it is important to have at least a second pair of eyes to look over PRs and request feedback. 
